whats up youtube this is king daddy dmac
and guys I have a really important
update for all of you um we have
scheduled if you didn't know already a
pokemon mega tournament and it is going
to be in los angeles california on June
eleventh and twelfth that's this coming
Saturday and Sunday now the big update
change that we have is that we had to
change to a larger venue due to the
enormous amount of people that have said
that they're going to come on so
basically we found the better and bigger
venue and that is going to be the proud
bird is the name of the place it's add 1
10 22 aviation boulevard los angeles
california you have the address right
there at the top and again this is a
poke mosh pit as well as hosted by prime
time gamers tournament so be really cool
there's going to be more games than just
pokemon there you're also going to have
call of duty and i believe there's going
to be a lot of different fighting games
such as street fighter and things along
that line but anyway uh myself can daddy
dmac will be there Hayden will be there
shofu will be there as well as many
other poke mosh pit directors so we'll
be there to both the judging and running
the tournament but also be there to hang
out then meet you guys and just have a
really fun time um we're also going to
have basically you you know give you
guys that need it tips on how to get
better pokemon battling how to make
youtube videos how to do really anything
the people of questions for we will have
also free pokemons giveaways this is a
cash prize tournament so we're going to
have I believe it's um at least up to
around 2000 and total cash prizes
throughout the weekend and it's going to
be a really really good fun time so make
sure that if you would watch the
previous video the venue has changed to
the proud bird and that's on aviation
boulevard los angeles california I will
have a link in the description to the
prime time gamers website
where we do have a full listing of all
the rules everything like that um again
to and get into the venue there is a
cost of ten dollars and then /
tournament that you signed up for
whether it's Pokemon whether it's call
of duty or anything like that it is ten
dollars per tournament and yeah it's
going to be a really really fun time the
registration will start at ten a.m. on
saturday and then 10 a.m. on sunday
although we will have it going on all
day long and have several tournaments
per day we will be having a 6 verse six
singles we will have also doubles VGC
style so the specifics on those rules
are in the link below on the prime time
gamer site and guys I'm really excited
for this god I gotta check this out got
to support the community you got to come
meet me Hayden and shofu so guys if you
have any questions either leave it in
the description or in the comments below
thank you in the comments below or you
can email us at polk moshpit @ gmail.com
so guys really looking forward to this
coming up next Saturday June eleventh
and twelfth Saturday and Sunday in Los
Angeles California awesome alright guys
he's out